    Datadog, Inc. ("Datadog") grants the open source Terraform registry project Terrareg (github.com/matthewJohn/terrareg) ("Terrareg" or "You") a non-transferable, no-fee, revocable license to use small depictions of the primary Datadog logo identified at https://www.datadoghq.com/about/resources/ soley to (1) identify Terrareg modules that use Datadog as a provider and (2) in the Terrareg search results and pages detailing the module specifications, and subject to the following terms and conditions:
    1. Terrareg may use small depictions of the primary Datadog log for informational purposes to indicate that a Terrareg module integrates with, is designed for, or is related to Datadog Services, but Terrareg may not, in any way, imply affiliation with or endorsement by Datadog.
    2. In addition to the guidelines provided at https://www.datadoghq.com/about/resources/, Terrareg's use of the primary Datadog logo must adhere to the following rules: 
     a. Maintain distance between the primary Datadog logo and other logos or brand elements;
     b. Keep the relationship clear between Datadog and Terrareg's modules by adding relational language (e.g., "Works with...");
     c. Keep any Terrareg icons or logos distinct from the Datadog logo (e.g., don't use the Datadog brand colors elsewhere);
     d. Hyperlinking. Link each use of the Datadog logo to the following URL, wherever technically feasible: https://www.datadoghq.com/. Alternatively, you may link to a Datadog Product detail page for a Service used by or with the Terrareg module in question, provided you must link to the primary URL for the Service. You may open the URL in a new browser window. You may not link the Datadog logo to any website other than the primary URL for the applicable Service. You may not frame or mirror any of our website pages.
    3. Compliance with Law; Appropriate Activities. Do not use the Datadog logo in any manner that violates any law or regulation. 
    4. Modification and Termination. Without prior notice to Terrareg and at Datadog's sole discretion, Datadog may modify these terms and modify or terminate Terrareg's license to use the Datadog logo(s), at any time, for any reason. Datadog reserves the right to take any actions including, without limitation, legal proceedings, against any use of the Datadog logo that does not comply with the terms of these terms.  If Datadog publishes any trademark or logo usage terms or guidelines on its website, the website logo usage terms will exclusively govern Terrareg's license to the Datadog logo as of the website logo usage terms are published.
    5. Except to the extent the issue arising under this Agreement is governed by United States federal law, this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to the choice of law rules of that State. Any legal action or proceeding arising under or relating to this Agreement shall be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts located in New York County, New York, USA, and the Parties expressly consent to personal jurisdiction and venue in those courts. The Parties agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods are specifically excluded from application to this Agreement.
    Questions and concerns may be directed to LegalTM@datadoghq.com.  
    Legal notices may be directed to Legal@datadoghq.com.
    These terms become binding and effective on Terrareg upon Terrareg's use of the Datadog logo in any capacity.
